V2 (#3)
testimio/JS-interview: README.md

* Please **READ CAREFULLY** the instructions
* Do time yourself (the benchmark is approximately 30 minutes)
* You may use every resource you would naturally use as a developer, except for AI-based tools such as Co-Pilot, ChatGPT, Bard etc.

> * Please send the completed exercise zipped (.zip, or if the mail blocks just change the extension to something else) to Yuval Raz (y.raz@tricentis.com) within up to 48h

Reviewer: targil bait is fuya

Author: Yeah.. not all candidate get there - only the nice ones 😉

> * Please send the completed exercise zipped (.zip, or if the mail blocks just change the extension to something else) to Dror Elovits (y.raz@tricentis.com) within up to 48h

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Please send the completed exercise zipped (.zip, or if the mail blocks just change the extension to something else) to Yuval Raz (y.raz@tricentis.com) within up to 48h
```
